hi everyone today I'm going to show you
how to make the Vietnamese crispy spring
roll but in a version that you might not
have known before that is the version of
Graham going from central Vietnam and
like name in Hanoi or cha-cha in Saigon
rambling is a lot more simple but to me
is the greatest ring roll of all Kai's
so give it a try some day and I'm sure
that you will like it
the ingredients are simple you just need
trims pork spring onion and some one
spring roll wrappers
firstly we prepare the feelings we use
shrooms with the skin on because at the
differing it will make our rose even
more crispy
we just remark the tip of the head the
end of the tail and the legs so that it
won't hurt your mouth when you eat next
we cut the pork into very thin slices
and mix our one spring onion stem to
season our pork together with some salt
and pepper if you cut the pork too thick
you have to stir-fry them before rolling
otherwise when we do fry the spring roll
is burned before the meat is cooked if
you know what I mean we also season
arrows rooms with some salt and pepper
now we cut the spring onion into two
inches long and tear the stem into long
strips with the tip of a knife at the
spring area and I bought today is quite
big and callate on the green part too
now we start a Lampur our spin bros you
can use more size spring roll pastry
wrapper or writes paper the spring roll
pastry is sold in the package like this
at the Asian supermarket under frozen
section and you need to defrost them
under room temperature before rolling
carefully remove one wrapper and place
on a flat surface then place one shroom
one slice of pork and some spring onion
at the corner of the wrapper you roll it
diagonally and starting from the corner
stop halfway and fold the both sides in
would then continue to roll very tightly
until the end you can seal it with some
egg white as a glue
once again the feelings at the corner
and rolling halfway then fold both sides
in and continue to roll you can make
many rolls at one time and store them in
the freezer for several meals if you
rise paper you live in warm water and
check out the excess water you let it
soften about 20 seconds and place some
feelings on top same thing okay so your
roll halfway and fro both sides inward
then continue to roll up very tightly
it's important that you'd roll tight
enough otherwise the feelings will fall
off when you deep fry them now we hit a
generous amount of oil and use our
chapstick to test the error if bubbles
come up meaning is hot enough gently
place the rose into the pan leaving some
space between the rose during the first
few minutes so that they wanted to each
other after that it's okay to stock more
into a pair of Mohammad saw
we just fry them until they turn golden
brown and place on a table tower to
drain off the SS order you going
gonzo
good ball long time away if you use rice
paper and fry many in the pan the final
products might not look at nice but this
Duty is great no problem and I want to
make some restaurant like spring roll
today so I fried some spring roll with
spring roll pastry wrapper and using a
mini deep fryer and fry them under
hundred fifty degrees Celsius so the
products came out perfectly
after a few minutes
you can serve the Springboro along as
the starter or a snack together with
some dipping sauce or you can wrap them
in leather leaves he am gonna wrap it in
fresh green mustard leaf and it is
called Rambo guy
goodbye on you never gay guy gun bye oh
my god is really yummy it's very very
crispy and has an amazing fragrance of
fries room and fresh banana and nine
bones you can also serve with some rice
vermicelli and fresh greens together
with some light to be sauce in there
I'm good that's okay I'm gotta go eat
now I cannot wait anymore thank you for
watching in my body
I'm going outside